hey guys what's going on Kelly here and
we have villa on Team Deathmatch and um
team deathmatch on villa all right I was
trying to think like wait does that make
sense did I say it right yeah look got
fucking dummy holes I don't know how you
know actually I have to take that off
that's like messing with my head okay I
don't know why I just it was easier to
do big e jr you need to calm down with
your music boy oh my god our campers
just let me have the one let me have the
one you can chew me just let me kill
your friend in that little house please
that's all I beg of you alright it's ok
very nervous very nervous if you like up
against people like to camp because I
see lots of claymores not that that's a
good sign of campers um but you know
sometimes yeah eat shit okay I could
hear you you know why because you walk
really loud badass maybe should work out
k just saying if you can't work out a
ninja pro bro our ninja you just need to
do you don't even need ninja pro
whatever text message all right oh hey
yes mmm mmm mmm sorry I was
uncomfortable all right here we go we
got this hopefully no one's gonna come
from over there yeah I better run away I
just feel like my senses tell me you
need to run away really far away and put
a claim or there good job ha ha ha ha
suckers no no no get in the pool oh no
uh I think I like dope I don't think you
guys could see me cuz you see my eyes
piggy jr. what up dawg
alright let's go
they're all in this metal building I
feel like I get a fucking quad hey
what's that let's do this Boop ha ha RC
car whatever let's get up here oh I
didn't see you I just saw your friend
want a party no he doesn't want to his
partying days are over yeah you go rizzi
nizzi or whatever your name was
no ha you're dead Nova gasps okay there
in that building I saw a gun poke out of
that window no bad boy I tried to teach
my dog how to play frisbee today oh my
gosh it's what that's what I think about
your Claymore that's what i think about
you son mmm-hmm don't mess with this
bitch I'll will slap you hmm ok this is
a really close game let's not lose it
and I was hoping for the wall bang I
don't know if that counts as wallbang if
you're just using assault rifle but
whatever Wow penetration oh okay man I'm
like running all over and they're always
you know somewhere else hey I see you
guys guess what I'm running away I'll
level of humble 11 bullets I've 11
bollocks ok well we won so what whatever
all right
would i get Nine and to whatever I did
my best guys i did my best pizzi McNish
was really holding it down and Big E jr.
and bad bad things got boost 2010 I
think it's a booster hmm probably but um
oh my face hurts I can't touch up um I
hope you guys have a good day and next
gun is beyond I don't know bye